There is a need for applications that enable patients to be monitored on a regular basis as well as to allow them to carry out their daily lives with minimum intervention. Often software applications for older users are simply not feasible to use as they do not accomodate the mistakes of older adults or simply, do not make enough attempts to ensure that the user doesn't make mistakes. A 'mistake'/error in Human Computer Interaction terms, is simply a scenario where a user fails to carry out the intended action, say for example, clicking the wrong button, accidentally clicking a button, choosing the wrong course of action for their purpose etc. 

Despite a lot of work in ML for healthcare purposes, in terms of monitoring,  prescription etc. there has not been enough work done in terms of helping users navigate through these software platforms. People with mild cognitive difficulties, in particular, do not have a seamless application experience. Infact, sometimes all of us do get confused or make mistakes while navigating a website, don't we?

Simply put, ML for UX Design or Front-End Development really lacks in terms of research.
We read about so many instances when UX is simply not clear, and we've struggled with this as well. Qian Yang (search "ML for UX design" in google scholar, https://yangqian.myportfolio.com/ ) has worked a lot in this domain, and suggest several reasons why UX designers in a corporate environment do not end up working with ML professionals. Also, in my opinion, design no longer should be the monopoly of designers. Perhaps, the application itself can learn and communicate better after getting to 'know' the user better? 

This was my initial attempt to solve this problem, through a basic DL chatbot, which can answer basic questions. This is a well-established solution, so I had no hassles recreating this model. Rather than simply use a similarity measure to retrieve a response from the corpus, predicting the class and responding accordingly, makes the model slightly less dependent on keywords based NLU and makes the model more scalable, particularly if we want to include multiple sub-questions under one umbrella tag. Making the model predict the class, and subclass(analogous to directory and sub-directories) will allow the model to be much more scalable than searching through a large corpus one question at a time.

However, this is nowhere close to solving the problem as we imagine it to be. The proposed solution that I would be working in the future is on using GANs ( or Cycle GANs in particular ) to run through previous websites that the user has worked on, to identify the patterns the user might be conventient in and try to help the application emulate such a front-end on its own, as per individual user convenience.